Add component status table (#361)
primer/design: content/status.mdx

> ---

Reviewer: Could you add this page to the `nav.yml` as well?

Author: That was another question 😅 
>I haven't added the /status to the navigation yet. I wasn't really sure where to place it best as we don't seem to have a nav on the primer.style

Where should it be on the nav? At the top and a standalone link?

Author: Have a `status` section on the nav and put it under

> title: Component Status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Component status
```

Author: oh gosh - I missed this again- Sorry!

> title: Component status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Component status
description: Status of components in the Primer Design System
```

---

import {StatusTable} from '../src/components/status'

<!-- Link will be available once https://github.com/primer/design/pull/354 merges -->

> Status of components in the Primer Design System. Check out the [component lifecycle](/guides/contribute/component-lifecycle)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [component lifecycle](/guides/contribute/component-lifecycle) for more information on each status.
```
